OON JAI ACCOUNTING v142.42

Open the normal Accounting website link. Phones go directly to their independent
workspace; desktop and tablet open the full application. The phone uses Home,
Accounts, Post, Entries, and Totals for the signed-in user's own work. It has no
settings, banner/photo downloads, team directory, general ledger, or payroll.

The phone reads current own access, assigned account metadata and fund balances,
own journal headers, and the selected period's own entry lines. Complete paginated
reads replace a cached period only after every page has arrived. An interrupted
read retains the last downloaded complete period and keeps navigation responsive.

Drafts are kept per account in this browser. Save on device can gather entries
offline. Sync now sends the immutable original request through the existing atomic
staff-save API. Incomplete or uncertain receipts keep the same request reference
for retry. Device entries are excluded from server balances until confirmed.
Submission checks current access and fresh own records, requires every pending
entry to be confirmed, and submits only the selected user's selected period.

The seven-file phone cache contains index.html, phone.html, one stylesheet, the
independent runtime, the existing Supabase SDK/configuration, and the existing
staff-entry validator. It contains no images or desktop runtime. First sign-in and
first downloads require a connection. Later downloaded records and unfinished
drafts can reopen offline while the stored sign-in remains valid. Current server
permission denials clear visible/cached access. Account changes isolate records.

Earlier own phone drafts and pending staff-save requests are imported from this
browser's old account/database-scoped storage. Original payloads and retry keys
remain unchanged. Only confirmed legacy requests are removed; another owner's
requests and drafts remain untouched. Earlier full-app cache files are retained
for compatibility with already-open tabs and are not downloaded by the phone.

Desktop and tablet use the original full application in desktop.html, with the
same CSS/script order and existing data behavior. The desktop worker reuses its
already-downloaded v142.41 files and downloads the two current HTML entry points.
No SQL/database migration or live record writes are part of this release.

Validation uses synthetic records and the real bundled sign-in SDK in Chromium.
The phone suite covers independent routing, allowed network requests, seven-file
cache, offline root reopening, all tabs, draft retention, queued saves, uncertain
response retry without duplicates, single/double entries, paginated reads, partial
responses, slow-request navigation, submission, revoked access, account isolation,
inactivity, layout, original desktop/tablet routing, and legacy draft/save recovery.
The desktop/tablet suite covers administrator and staff sign-in and offline reopen.

Run with Playwright available on NODE_PATH:
CHROMIUM_EXECUTABLE=/tmp/chromium node validation/test-phone-independent14242.cjs
node validation/test-desktop-isolation14242.cjs

Results are recorded in validation/phone-independent14242.json and
validation/desktop-isolation14242.json. Fixture timings and bytes establish the
download/behavior change; they do not measure the user's physical phone or network.
